[p class"io ip iq ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"11b3"“like, here’s a test, ok. take, like, your nightly or morning browse of the internet, right? your facebook feed, instagram feed, twitter, whatever. ok if someone every morning was like, i’m gonna print this and give you a bound copy of all this stuff you read so you don’t have to use the internet. you can just get a bound copy of it. would you read that book? no! you’d be like, this book sucks. there’s a link to some article about a horse that found its owner somehow. it’s not that interesting.”p, p class"io ip iq ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"9fc5"— em class"fr"aziz ansari on stephen dubner’s emfreakonomicsem class"fr" podcastemp, p class"io ip fr ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"0e4d"the cambridge analytica scandal involving the unethical use of data from millions of facebook accounts has led many to question the ultimate purpose of social media and whether they should continue to use it. while i still continue to use social media platforms like facebook, instagram and tumblr, i’ve been questioning what purpose they serve in my life for quite some time now.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"36e6"as i mentioned in a a class"do jn" href"httpsmedium.com@tomjlewington2016-a-year-in-review-ee724b3e7a79" rel"noopener" target"_blank"blog posta a couplspan id"rmm"espan years back, there was a point where i did not have any social media apps on my phone at all, forcing myself to spend time on these platforms more intentionally on my desktop instead. however, i’ve spent a good chunk of the past couple years travelling the world with only my cell phone. this has forced me to reinstall apps like instagram and facebook in order to use them at all, which has led to more compulsive social media use than i’m comfortable with.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"7741"now i’m not against the entire concept of social media. i do think that the power of the internet to connect us socially is a very powerful and good thing. however, the way that massive media corporations like facebook and twitter have created these proprietary, walled gardens of content focused on sucking as much of our time and attention as possible has little benefit to the future of humanity. i think more and more people are catching on to this every day.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"58f8"i started to seriously question social media’s usefulness when i read this great a class"do jn" href"httpsmedium.com@hairyelefanteinstagram-and-the-cult-of-the-attention-web-how-the-free-internet-is-eating-itself-909b5713055e" rel"noopener" target"_blank"medium posta. it was published when instagram announced they would be moving from a chronological to an algorithmic feed to much controversy. the main point of the article is that instead of paying for content on the internet with our wallets, we keep it free by paying with our em class"iq"attentionem. as more and more people have adopted social media in their lives, the more and more time it seems to suck out of our day-to-day.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"8959"that’s because these platforms are designed to be addictive. since most content online is expected by users to be free, we have gone from being the customers of these services to the product, with the advertisers being the real customers. they are paying for our eyeballs to stay focused on their ads, whether they are banner ads, pre-roll video ads or sponsored content.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"b0d9"this has created a landscape where the content itself is not as important as how it engages our attention and get us to click through and watch ads. this has led to the rise of “clickbait” headlines, buzzfeed listicles and fake news, the latter of which led to russian interference in the 2016 u.s. presidential election.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"fddc"while this is how the internet exists today, let’s go back to when i first started using the internet regularly. in the early 2000s, the internet was very different than it is now. it was this new and exciting place that compared to now, not a whole lot of people were using. those who were kids then and on the internet have fond memories of visiting sites like newgrounds, ebaumsworld, and funnyjunk.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"e947"what made this earlier time in the internet different from today is that there was a clear distinction between the internet world and the real world. if you wanted to chat with your friends after school, you sat down at your desktop or laptop and used msn messenger, or texted them on your “dumb” phone and didn’t expect a response right away. there were people who were into computers and the internet and people who weren’t. everyone was less connected than they are now.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"460b"then the iphone came along, and with it the smartphone industry in general, and everything changed. once smartphones were affordable enough that most people could buy one, the internet was in your pocket all the time. the distinction between the internet world and the “real” world began to blur. eventually everyone seemed to be online. people you used to know in elementary school were suddenly regular twitter users, and even your grandparents were sharing memes on facebook. meanwhile, people only a few years younger than me don’t know what a class"do jn" href"httpswww.youtube.comwatch?v-xccumoq978" rel"noopener nofollow" target"_blank"schfifty-fivea is, and that makes me feel really old.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"b556"once accessing the internet became as simple as taking your phone out of your pocket and opening an app like facebook, twitter or instagram, it spawned a collective, compulsive addiction unlike anything we’ve seen in modern society. suddenly everyone seemed to be looking down at their phones constantly, on the street, on public transportation, in lecture halls and even workplace meetings. all of this would’ve looked absurd only a few years prior, but it suddenly became commonplace everywhere.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"b035"mobile operating systems like ios and android work differently than their desktop and laptop counterparts. shiny, colourful app icons replaced the traditional web browser. instead of typing the url of your favourite website into the address bar, you simply pull out your phone, touch the facebook icon and take in whatever the news feed presents to you.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"630b"obviously, computers and web browsers are still prevalent today, but i would argue that the app era has drastically changed our internet behaviour. in the desktop era, internet users would develop their niche of favourite websites and message boards, places where they could connect anonymously with like-minded people. in this way, two different internet users’ activities could differ drastically. smartphone apps streamlined access to a narrower range of websites in app form, and now websites such as facebook, twitter, youtube, google and netflix have come to dominate the majority of internet users’ time online, whether on the computer or on our smartphones.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"03e4"this is how internet companies like google and facebook have grown to become some of the biggest corporations in the world, with valuations of billions of dollars. these services have became integral to the lives of a significant fraction of the world’s population, and this fraction will continue to grow as more and more people are able to connect to the internet.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"5c9b"now this isn’t necessarily entirely a bad thing, and up until recently i thought it was entirely good. facebook connects us with our friends and family. twitter gives us instantaneous access to news. instagram allows us to curate our lives with beautiful photographs, and is personally my favourite. but the relationship we have with these apps has become more and more compulsive, far exceeding the initial benefits and becoming a legitimate addiction for a lot of people. the worst part is that creating this compulsive behaviour is totally intentional. it is how the apps are designed, it’s how they do business.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"addd"take snapchat’s controversial app redesign, which was so disastrous that a a class"do jn" href"httpswww.theverge.com201822217040332snap-stock-price-kylie-jenner-tweet-snapchat-1-billion-market-loss" rel"noopener nofollow" target"_blank"single tweet from kylie jennera made the company’s valuation fall more than a billion dollars. almost everyone found the redesign less intuitive and snapchat eventually reversed some of the changes. the reason snapchat decided to make these changes in the first place was to appease advertisers to the detriment of their users. it’s clear where snapchat’s priorities are, but their strategy backfired when people stopped using the app entirely.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"68a9"every internet service is feeling this crunch, this need to get their slice of our collective attention pie. there are only so many hours in the day for us to spend on our phones. if you want to be a successful internet company you have to be the loudest, the shiniest, the most likely to grab attention, regardless of the service you provide or the potential usefulness of your app.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"5e9f"so that’s why i think social media sucks now. it is no longer this new, exciting thing to engage in with others. it is now a daily obligation. impulsive behaviour fueled by push notifications. it is no longer just a place to see your extended family’s baby photos or catch up on the latest news. it’s turned into a video about a cute animal being rescued, a recipe video we’ll never actually make, or a crudely-made meme that gives us a big dopamine hit in the moment but we forget about by tomorrow. these things have no utility, it is junk food for the mind.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"dcf4"but if you like junk food for the mind, i’m not judging you. if you enjoy sharing this stuff with people you know and don’t see a reason to stop, you don’t have to listen to me. but if you’re like me, you feel exhausted every time you log into facebook. your desire to catch up on your instagram feed far exceeds your enjoyment of the pictures flashing across your eyes. being on social media doesn’t em class"iq"feelem good anymore, and it’s taking up more of your time than you’re comfortable with. so if you feel this way, what should you do about it?p, p class"io ip fr ir b is kk iu iv iw kl iy iz ja km jc jd je kn jg jh ji ko jk jl jm di gn" id"ce54"this for me was step one. if it feels like too much, at least remove the apps from your home screen if you’re on android or off the first page of apps if you’re on ios. this adds an extra step to accessing the apps, making them less impulsive. it doesn’t mean you have to stop using the apps period, it just means your social media time will switch to desktop or laptop only.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"fe71"this creates that disconnect from internet world and real world like we used to have before smartphones. unfortunately, some apps like instagram and snapchat either don’t have a desktop version or have limited capabilities compared to the mobile version. for example, you can’t post from the desktop version of instagram, and i can almost assure you that this is intentional.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is kk iu iv iw kl iy iz ja km jc jd je kn jg jh ji ko jk jl jm di gn" id"b962"again, this helps control the impulse. how many notifications do you get in a day? think about how your time and attention is unnecessarily fragmented every day because of this. this is what the companies want, but it sucks for you. the only notifications i have turned on are for calls, sms and facebook messages, but what the “essentials” are for you depends on what’s important to you. remember when you install new apps, notifications are usually turned on by default. when that first notification comes through, think to yourself “do i really need this app interrupting me all the time?” most of the time the answer is no.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is kk iu iv iw kl iy iz ja km jc jd je kn jg jh ji ko jk jl jm di gn" id"7d2b"for many people, checking social media is the last thing they do before going to bed and the first thing they do when they wake up. an easy fix for this is to charge your phone in a room other than your bedroom. it prevents you from reaching for your phone impulsively when you don’t really want to. this has been a huge game changer for me and i wish i started doing it sooner.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"728d"if you want to take this an extra step, set a reminder on your phone an hour before you go to bed and turn off anything with a screen. wind down by reading a book, meditating or journaling instead. you’ll quickly realize how good it feels to disconnect and unwind. if this isn’t a possibility, you can use an app like a class"do jn" href"httpsjustgetflux.com" rel"noopener nofollow" target"_blank"f.luxa to reduce the amount of blue light on your screen throughout the day, which can improve your sleep quality.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is kk iu iv iw kl iy iz ja km jc jd je kn jg jh ji ko jk jl jm di gn" id"9ee2"it’s very easy to follow people on social media, but when we unfollow someone we often face resistance. it’s a bit easier to unfollow a famous person with millions of followers, they’re not likely to notice. but what if it’s someone you used to know, like someone you went to school with but haven’t talked to in years? these are the trickiest to unfollow because by following them on social media and liking their posts from time to time, it makes us feel like we’re keeping in touch with them. we aren’t really though.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"b527"in cal newport’s excellent book a class"do jn" href"httpswww.goodreads.combookshow25744928-deep-work?from_searchtrue" rel"noopener nofollow" target"_blank"em class"iq"deep workema, he explains how liking posts on social media is so quick and easy to do that it’s a way less valuable currency than we often perceive. if the person from school who you haven’t talked to in forever likes your post on instagram, and their face shows up in your notifications, you get a hit of dopamine and feel like you’re connecting with that person. but are you really? occasionally, these people will actually comment on your post, or initiate an online conversation about it, and that’s a sign that they truly care about keeping in touch with you.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"4514"but social media has done such a good job streamlining social interaction that the act of “liking” something is effortless and has lost its meaning. i’m sure if you went through your facebook friends or instagram followers, you have at least a few people that fit the criteria i just described. it’s a hard pill to swallow, but you should probably unfollow them. it might sound cruel or antisocial, but think about it this way. how much time do you spend absorbing these peoples’ online activities every day? in a day it might not seem like a lot, but it quickly adds up.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"671e"in my parents’ generation you often forgot about these people, they became pictures in a yearbook. now, we’re subjected to every vacation and cute thing their dog does. i no longer believe that this is beneficial or even good for our mental health. not only this, but it takes time away from focusing on our em class"iq"trueem friends and what’s going on in em class"iq"their emlives. when we focus so much on the lives of people that have nothing to do with us anymore, we begin to realize how selfish an act it ultimately is. so go ahead and unfollow them. it’s less pictures to scroll through, and chances are they won’t even notice.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is kk iu iv iw kl iy iz ja km jc jd je kn jg jh ji ko jk jl jm di gn" id"bd06"i did this a while ago and have never looked back. it removes the news feed from the desktop version of facebook and replaces it with an inspirational quote. you still have access to the rest of the site and it has transformed my facebook experience into a much more intentional one. have you ever gone on facebook to remind yourself what time a party starts and get caught up in something on your news feed for fifteen minutes? me too. make sure that you go to your family and close friends’ profiles and mark them as “close friends.” this will make their updates appear in your notifications, so you don’t miss out on content that is truly meaningful.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is kk iu iv iw kl iy iz ja km jc jd je kn jg jh ji ko jk jl jm di gn" id"f04c"this is just a good thing to do in general, but it’s something that has helped me get over my social media addiction. if you notice that you’re going down a tunnel on youtube or facebook, stop. focus on your breath, the feeling of your feet touching the floor, or any other sensations in your body. just stop for a few seconds and then continue doing whatever you were doing if you want. the point is to recognize when you’re engaging in impulsive behaviour, because often we don’t. often we’re just on a mindless, pleasure-seeking binge in the moment that makes us feel worse in the long term.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"9ea4"as i’m writing this, a class"do jn" href"httpswww.cnet.comnewsnet-neutrality-is-now-really-officially-dead-open-internet-congress-now-what" rel"noopener nofollow" target"_blank"net neutrality was recently killed in the united statesa. if the internet continues on its current trajectory, the massive media corporations that currently dominate the internet will only grow in power. it will be more difficult for new startups and services to rise up and dethrone the big guys. as more people gain access to the internet, the more people will sign up for services like facebook, instagram and twitter which are designed to absorb as much of our time as possible.p, p class"io ip fr ir b is it iu iv iw ix iy iz ja jb jc jd je jf jg jh ji jj jk jl jm di gn" id"4744"so if i’ve convinced you that this is a bad thing, try to be more mindful of the time you spend online. support online services you use regularly financially if you can, as this sends the signal that consumers are willing to pay with their money and not just their attention. social media doesn’t have to suck. if we change the relationship we have with it into a more healthy one, we’ll all be better off for it.p, p class"av b lh li lj bt lk"written byp][p class"_2nj40mhw74fkfefq6oqwkb"sorry, for some reason reddit can't be reached.p][pas the owner of a small business, the one thing you’ve heard more than once is that you need to digitally engage with your customers. so you’ve invested in a website and set up several social media accounts for your business. you keep sharing posts but you’re not really seeing any positive results. in short, your social media sucks.p, psadly, this is true for many businesses that do not have a clear understanding of social media. here are five reasons why your social media is not giving you the results you want –p, pyou’ve set up accounts on facebook, instagram, pinterest, linkedin, and twitter. you started your social media journey with much zeal but as the months passed your interest has waned. one of the most common mistakes people make when it comes to social media is that they make it about themselves. social media is not about you, it’s about your audience. do you know which social media channel your customers are on? have you done your research? if you have defined your ideal customer for your business, then you will have a rough idea where they like to hang out online. if you’re not talking to your customers on the platform that they prefer, how can you make an impact?p, paccording to royce morgan, a market research company, facebook and youtube are the top two channels for customers between the ages of 29 – 45 years, if this is your target market, these are the platforms you need to focus on. similarly, find out which channel is most popular with your customer base and engage with them on it.p, pdo you know who your ideal customer is? do you know who can benefit the most with your product or service? when you don’t have a clear understanding of your ideal customer, your communication becomes too vague and diluted. if your messages are too vague, chances are your activity on social media is not resonating with anyone.p, pe.g. – barb is a 35-year-old experienced cyclist who is looking to buy the best marathon bike. then there’s betty a 35-year-old, mother of two who is keen on taking up cycling as a fun family activity and is researching on bicycles with an emphasis on safety. traditional customer segmentation will categorise barb and betty in one group but their needs and interests are vastly different. if you’re in the business of selling bikes, then both barb and betty are your ideal clients but their requirements are different. at this point, you might have to take a call on who your ideal customer is out of barb and betty and create content to fit in with her interest or come up with ways to engage both personas.p, pif you’re unclear about who your ideal customer is and you’re looking for a more comprehensive guide, click on a href"httpsnetstripes.comblogcustomer-personas-101" rel"noopener noreferrer" target"_blank"customer personas 101 how well do you know your customer?ap, pbombarding followers with too many sales pitches is another reason why most social media accounts suck. no matter how great you may think your product or service is people are not interested in being sold to. it is a big turn off and will result in your audience unfollowing you. so respect the time your audience invests in you and moderate your content.p, paction point – before publishing content on your social media platform, ask yourself if it’s going to add value to your followers. when your audience starts to notice that your platform has interesting, engaging and useful content, chances are engagement will increase and your following will grow.p, pp, psocial media is a medium where people come to consume information and learn about what’s happening in their surroundings. if your social media presence is not adding value to your followers’ lives, then they are not going to engage with you. your social media is a reflection of your brand, so be smart about how you want to be seen. want to be known as a credible source of information? then post and share content that is related to your field, e.g. – if you’re in the fitness industry focus on posting content that is valuable and useful to those who are interested in staying healthy and fit and avoid sharing stories that are not relevant such as an opinion piece on politics.p, paction point – come up with a social media strategy to create content that is relevant to your audience in line with the customer journey you want to take them through. this will not only create awareness about your brand but also help you engage with your audience in a more meaningful way.p, pp, pthis is another common mistake that many companies make. reviewing your social media content and refining it according to data is vital for your business. unfortunately, there’s no right formula to know what your followers may or may not like. so it’s important to keep regular tabs on your platforms and see what is performing best and then post more of it to see if your followers are still engaging with it. take a look at what your competitors are doing on their social media accounts. what kind of posts are they sharing? this will help you understand what resonates with your audience and refine your content accordingly.p, paction point – start gathering data on your social media platforms every month. this will help you fine-tune your content and perfect your social media strategy to target the right audience.p, pwe hope you find these tips useful and that you can improve your social media presence with more engaging and valuable content which will have a positive impact on your business.p, pp, p class"caption" style"color#000000;text-alignleft;font-size19px"a trusted brand is priceless for any business. we will help you build a compelling website that is respected in your industry and stands apart from your competition.p][pspan class"s1"welcome to episode 401 of hit the mic with the stacey harris. spanp, pspan class"s1"i am so filled with gratitude. we had a fantastic live show. generally, i batch this recording or batch these episode’s sort of months at a time. or a month at a time. and i actually intentionally waited until after a href"httpsthestaceyharris.comreplayepisode400"we did our live show, on tuesdaya, to record 401. because i wanted to be able to really sit in that epic gratitude for the amazing time. i had such a great turn out. spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"i really enjoyed getting to hang out with you guys. we gave some really cool prizes away. we gave away, i think all in all, we ended up giving away two a href"httpshitthemicbackstage.com"backstage passesa, a spot in a href"httpsthestaceyharris.combackstage-amplifier-mastermind"bam for 30 daysa and a $25 amazon gift card. there is still up, for just a couple more days, up for grabs. another prize of your choice. meaning you can choose one of those three things. either a backstage pass for 30 days, bam access for 30 days or of course the $25 amazon gift card. and that will actually be closing up on thursday. i’m going to announce that on thursday’s live show. which will be the official, official episode one, of hit the mic tv live. which of course, is the new weekly live show. a href"httpsm.methestaceyharris?refshow"and all you have to do is sign up for remindersa. spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"so bettie bot, our facebook bot, will hook you up and let you know, hey, stacey’s going live right now, don’t miss it. all you have to do is sign up. so, if you go into the link in the show notes. i’ll actually just put a link in the show notes, that automatically gets you set up. everybody who gets set up for that is going to be entered to win. again, the prize of your choice. and you can turn off those notifications at any time. you can unsubscribe at any time. and this is good to know. i know bots are fairly new. but, if you’re finding that you have ended up, maybe signed up for a bot that you didn’t fully intend to be signed up for. or you’re just not enjoying anymore, just like you can unsubscribe from an email list. spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"you can unsubscribe from bot notifications. all you have to do is type in stop. stop. and that should, in theory, stop the messages. if it doesn’t, then you need to really connect with them and be like i really want you to stop sending me these messages, find out a way to make it stop! but, in theory, most tools will allow you to unsubscribe, just by typing in the word stop. and it’s no different for betty. if you ever want her to stop talking to you, just hit stop and she’ll unsubscribe you from any notifications. although, it is really nice to get notifications.spanp, piframe allowfullscreen"" class"lazyload" data-src"html5-player.libsyn.comembedepisodeid6584562height90themecustomthumbnailyesdirectionbackwardrender-playlistnocustom-colorb18e74" height"90" mozallowfullscreen"" msallowfullscreen"" oallowfullscreen"" scrolling"no" src"dataimagegif;base64,r0lgodlhaqabaaaaach5baekaaealaaaaaabaaeaaaictaeaow" style"border none" webkitallowfullscreen"" width"100%"iframep, p class"p1"span class"s1"alright, today i want to talk about why social media sucks. and when i say sucks, what i mean is, it’s not working, it feels really gross, you hate every minute. and moment of things and tasks and focus you have to give that part of your marketing. because it doesn’t have to feel that way. like, legitimately, it can work, and it can be fun, and it and it can be something you enjoy. it can also be something you outsource guys, like it doesn’t have to be something you spend all of your time doing. and so, we’re going to talk about three things specifically, that i run into a lot. my clients are telling me their social media sucks. spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"and what i mean by this is, you have too many gurus. you have a ton of people telling you that this is the thing you have to do. now, you’ll very, very, very, rarely hear me use the word, have to do. or the words rather, have to do. when it comes to your marketing because i’m a big believer that it depends on what your strategy is. it depends on who your ideal client is. it depends on what your goals are. spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"there is very few things, there are very few things that come up, that are “have to do things”. you know, when i think about the realm of have to. following the rules, being a nice person, i can’t really think of anything else off the top of my head. that comes up, that’s a requirement when it comes to marketing. so, when you hear somebody telling you, you have to go live, or you have to post 19 times a day. or you have to use instagram. that might not be the case for you. spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"find the voices that a. are knowledgeable and are not just sort of like, echoing whatever they’re hearing somebody else tell them they have to do. but also, find the people who are interested in helping you build a plan and a strategy, that’s going to work. that can be me, that can be other people. i don’t care who it is. but, really figure out who it is, that in this stage of your business, this is who i want to listen to. and listen to just them for a little while. and it doesn’t have to be one single person but, it also shouldn’t be 19 people. spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"when you start to find some focus and where you’re getting advice from, then you want to filter in what parts of their advice you take action on. so, sometimes too many voices isn’t just necessarily you’re listening to too many people. maybe it’s trying to take action on too many voices. and those voices may full on be in your head love. i’ve been there. figure out what am i going to take action on. chose one thing that you really want to do more of, do less of, start, finish, whatever it is. and do that. spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"now, i’m not saying chose one network and only do facebook marketing and ditch your email and everything else. absolutely not. but, figure out one thing you want to adjust in your strategy. maybe it’s increasing your frequency on instagram. maybe it’s adding instagram stories. maybe it’s doing facebook live once a week. maybe it’s upping your emails. when we’re testing things we don’t want to test all of things. we don’t want to try all of things. we want to try one thing. we want to test incremental changes so that we’re actually seeing where we’re getting the results from. spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"because here’s the reality. if we spend our time testing 100 things. and we get a 15% boost, we have to keep doing those 100 things because we don’t know which of those 100 things, actually gave us the boost. and in full disclosure, it could be all 100 things. but, it also could be one thing in there. and it could be that the 99 other things kept your 15% from being a 50% boost. so, that’s why we test small things. so, too many voices avoid too many voices. even if, again love, they’re coming from your own mind. we’ve all been there. ease into it.spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"no one can be all the places, all the times. so, focus. this is where we come into our rule of two guys. we talk about this a lot. a rule of two is, two primary networks and two secondary networks. and our two secondary networks, don’t really become a factor until our two primary networks are on point. that means we’re strategically focusing our time in two places. they are our priority. they are where we show up. they are where we provide value. they are where we create content. they are where we engage.spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"now, when i’m talking about this, i’m not talking about your content or your email. i’m talking about just your social. so, choosing facebook and instagram, doesn’t mean you don’t write blog posts or send an email. those are separate things. when we talk about the rule of two, we’re just getting right into the one category of your social media channels. and the great thing about focusing on two social media channels, instead of all the social media channels. is where going to allow ourselves some time. to actually, see results. oh my gosh, results guys! from our emails and our content because we’re really making sure that we’re focusing our marketing of those things. in these two networks, okay? spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"i really encourage you to use more than one because here is the deal. real talk time guys. when you use one network, you are completely subject to their changes and whims. and we’ve seen this a lot this year. across the board. everybody uses facebook as an example. let’s use linkedin as an example. we’re rocking through a linkedin guide in backstage right now. we’re doing new modules, every friday and live call on tuesdays. also, the rockstar guide to linkedin will be completely released by the end of the month. but, we’re actually working through it together. spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"and one of the things that’s amazing is as i’ve filmed these modules, i was realizing how much i, somebody who does this for a living. had let slide, because of the massive amount of linkedin changes that had happened in the last, 12 months. realistically, probably six or eight months. seriously, have you looked at your linked in profile lately. it looks different. yeah! it’s changing all the time. these networks are always evolving because guess what? they want to stay relevant and they want to stay interesting, just as much as of us do. spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"so, we need to make sure that we are not counting on one to avoid making a change that may screw us. the thing that comes up with me for facebook specifically is the algorithm changes. we end up in a real bad place if our entire marketing is built around facebook and then facebook makes an algorithm change that means we can’t get anything in the news feed. anybody want to raise their hand on that one? i know we’ve felt we’ve had a few clients come to us in the last couple of months who are like, hey, this thing that’s worked for five years doesn’t work anymore. and so we’re like, oh that’s ’cause you’re only doing the one thing. and we’ve had to figure it out. spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"so, that’s why contrary to too many voices. when we talk about too many places, we don’t want to scroll down all the way to one. we want to keep in again, that two place. if you’re really comfortable with the three networks that you’re using right now, great! but, make sure that they’re all on point. and they’re all really working for you. okay?spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"here is the biggest pitfall of social media, it can be a total time suck. and again, all of us can fall prey to it. what i want you to do is want you to start setting up actionable blocks of time on your calendar. meaning, we’re not just for funsies going, i’m going to hop onto facebook and do some businessey stuff. that’s not a plan. spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"instead we’re saying, i’m going to go into facebook and i’m going to gauge in the hits on my backstage community. that’s our private facebook group for backstage members. that’s where i’m going to go. or i’m going to go into my free group for my community and i’m going to answer questions for 15 minutes. notice that i gave a specific action and a specific time limit. this is really important because it’s so easy to hop into facebook for just a minute and two hours later crawl out of the pit of cat videos and buzzfeed quizzes. you’re not alone. but, it’s fixable. spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"this happens for me, not so much on facebook but youtube. i will get onto youtube to go into my channel and set up a live event or go into my channel and find the link for a video to share with a client. and 20 minutes later, i close the linkedin tab and i’m like, what was i doing? or, i’m sorry the youtube tab rather. and i go what am i doing. oh yeah, i need to go on youtube to find that, whatever. because i got sucked into videos. spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"so, now i have in my bookmarks bar, in my chrome browser, a direct link to my creator area. so, the back end of my youtube channel so that i don’t hit the youtube home page because it is a dangerous place for me to be. the only place i’m watching youtube videos is on my phone. and that’s when it’s my free time. so, often this is like, while i’m waiting for charles to do something or i’ll be fully honest, thank goodness colin doesn’t listen to this podcast. occasionally, it happens at soccer practice that i get into the youtube videos. and so that’s when it’s my youtube consumption time. that’s when all of your great channels that i’m subscribed to, that’s when i’m watching your content. spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"because, if i go into the abyss that is youtube, in the middle of the day, to find something. i get sucked in and i know that about myself. so, i make sure that i am focused around what the actionable item is and what the time limit is. if i need to go and respond to comments. i’m going to right to the creator area of my channel, where i can see your comments. i’m responding to comments for the time i allotted for myself and then i’m out. that’s the whole show. that’s everything from start to finish. spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"so, i want to encourage you to do the same. put in the restrictions because that’s where you get the freedom to see those results. that’s where you get the freedom to see the growth. and actually not hate what you’re doing. because what’s happening right, i’m guessing, for at least one person who listens to this. maybe it’s you, maybe it’s the person in the car next you also listening to this podcast. let’s just pretend that’s a thing. spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"then, here’s the deal. they are hopping in because they’re going to engage with their community and they’re getting sucked into maybe, negative conversations. maybe perfectly pleasant conversations but they’re losing sections of their day. and that gives them a negative feeling about the entirety of social media. losing your time, your most precious commodity, will make you hate whatever it is that is costing you that time. it’s just the way it is.spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"so, we need to put these pieces in that are going to prevent us from doing that. so, actually marking out on your calendar, 15 minute chunks of time to take specific actions. and also larger chunks of time, less frequently, that are for scheduling your social media foundational content. so, your scheduled posts that have to go out. your sales messages that have to go out. scheduling your facebook lives or your youtube videos or whatever those things are. spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"remember, it’s about you taking control of the time you’re spending by putting the time on your calendar and committing to a task. and that’s it. not getting sucked into being subject to the schedule of social media notifications going off at you. or whatever that is. and yes, there are some notification we need to pay attention to. i still absolutely have some notifications turned on. but, i don’t jump to respond to them, at all times. spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"that’s why betty bot on facebook exists. so, that you guys can get an answer and a response when you show up on the page and you want to know about the backstage trial or whatever. you don’t need me to respond. you just need a response. now, betty knows that if you tell her, i want a human. or you hit a specific button that says give me a human. she will send me and the team a message. saying, hey somebody needs a human. and that’s the notification i respond to. that’s the thing that goes, oh we need to pay attention to this. does that make sense? does it help? i hope it does.spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"if you want to learn more about this stuff. there is a brand new free training. it’s over at thestaceyharris.comquickstart if you’re at the show notes page for this episode you’ll find a link right here. right where i said it probably. or in the resources down at the bottom. and so, use that to get through some of these things. we actually talk about five things on there at are really frustrating, most of my solopreneur clients who are diy’ing this stuff still. so, the folks that are in backstage or just ahead of getting into backstage. these are things that are getting them frustrated and more importantly, it’s the things that you need to know to get you over the hump. alright. spanp, p class"p1"span class"s1"alright, that’s our show for today. thank you for listening, thank for being a part of this community. i hope to see you in backstage. be sure to check out that quick start training it’s 100% free and it’s going to help you alleviate a lot of these pain points. okay. if you have any questions, if you want to tell me what you thought of the episode, head over to a href"httpsinstagram.comthestaceyharris"instagrama, drop me a dm. i’d love to hear from you. spanp, pa href"httphitthemicbackstage.com" rel"noopener noreferrer" target"_blank"join us inside hit the mic backstageap, pconnect with me on a href"httpfacebook.comthestaceyharris" rel"noopener noreferrer" target"_blank"facebookap, pconnect with me on a href"httpinstagram.comthestaceyharris"instagramap, ptweet with me and include a href"httptwitter.comthestaceyharris" rel"noopener noreferrer" target"_blank"#hitthemicap, p p, pconnect with us on a href"httpswww.instagram.comuncommonlymore"instagrama, a href"httpswww.facebook.comuncommonlymore"facebooka, a href"httpswww.linkedin.comcompanyuncommonly-more"linkedina, and a href"httpstwitter.comuncommonlymore"twitterap][]