Now I’m not against the entire concept of social media. I do think that the power of the internet to connect us socially is a very powerful and good thing. However, the way that massive media corporations like Facebook and Twitter have created these proprietary, walled gardens of content focused on sucking as much of our time and attention as possible has little benefit to the future of humanity. I think more and more people are catching on to this every day.

This has created a landscape where the content itself is not as important as how it engages our attention and get us to click through and watch ads. This has led to the rise of “clickbait” headlines, Buzzfeed listicles and fake news, the latter of which led to Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
Then the iPhone came along, and with it the smartphone industry in general, and everything changed. Once smartphones were affordable enough that most people could buy one, the Internet was in your pocket all the time. The distinction between the Internet world and the “real” world began to blur. Eventually everyone seemed to be online. People you used to know in elementary school were suddenly regular Twitter users, and even your grandparents were sharing memes on Facebook. Meanwhile, people only a few years younger than me don’t know what Schfifty-Five is, and that makes me feel really old.
You’ve set up accounts on Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, LinkedIn, and Twitter. You started your social media journey with much zeal but as the months passed your interest has waned. One of the most common mistakes people make when it comes to social media is that they make it about themselves. Social media is not about you, it’s about your audience. Do you know which social media channel your customers are on? Have you done your research? If you have defined your ideal customer for your business, then you will have a rough idea where they like to hang out online. If you’re not talking to your customers on the platform that they prefer, how can you make an impact?

dont know this shit but will try to see and explore this, 

"If you don't know your company's identity and your purpose then you won't have a good marketing strategy," said Andrew Ruditser, co-founder and lead technology coordinator at MAXBURST. You need to have a thorough understanding of your products, and what makes your company different from the competition. "So many companies — especially within the CMS industry — look and sound the same online," explained Matt Garrepy, CDO of Solodev, "even if they vary greatly as software platforms." Knowing your purpose will help you engage with your audience better and grab their attention