If one were to look back over the last decade and try to find some element that affected
society as a whole from a technical standpoint, there would be a couple of possible
contenders. The advancement of smartphone technology in such a short time is certainly
impressive, for example. However, the impact of social media, while intertwined with the
smartphone is something that made even more of an impression. Consider just how easy it
is to see what is happening on the other side of the world, through the accounts of real
people rather than filtered news channels
Before a decade or so, people were less connected to socialize with limited options to have
a get-together. But today, people get information on their fingertips ranging from news to
promotional videos. People are well informed about each other's activity which makes the
world to be smaller beyond landscapes with swift contact and updates via web and mobile.
There are different kinds of social networking site such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn,
WhatsApp, Pinterest, and much more. Each has its own attributes to enhance the
communication among users. People are jubilant to participate in the social network since it
	keeps them engaged. It gives the user a feeling of closeness. The social media chats have
	developed a unique sense of writing including all the slangs and abbreviations which is
	accepted and use worldwide.
Nowadays, it is difficult to imagine our life without social media. It has covered all the
spheres of our life and now it occupies the leading role in the life of every person. Some
people even consider that they can spoil the one-to-one communication, because people
can easily get used to communicating via social networks. Nevertheless, such type of
communication is extremely convenient, as you can find any person you need and contact
any time you need. As quickly as social media has insinuated itself into politics, the
workplace, home life and everywhere else, it continues to evolve at lightning speed, making
it tricky to predict which way it will morph next.
